# Titleize

## Welcome!

In this lab we will be creating a function that takes a multi-word string, and capitalizes the first letter of each word, while making sure the rest of the word is lowercase. To do this we will be utilizing the awesome power of arrays, and the ease with which we can convert strings to arrays, and back again.

Create a new file called `titleize.js`

## Define the Function

Define a function named `titleize` that will take a string as its argument.

```js
function titleize(string) {

}
```

Here we are naming the parameter

## Splitting the String

To get each word in the string we'll want to turn the string into an array by splitting it on spaces. We'll need this array in just a moment so assign the returned value from calling `.split` on the string to a variable inside the function.

## Iterating Over an Array

Now that we have an array we can iterate over it, and manipulate it's contents. Since we want to generate a new array by transforming the contents of the old array using [the `.map` iteration method](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/map) would probably be the best choice for this.

As the callback function for `.map` we can use our `capitalize` function from last week.

Don't be afraid to reference your old code!

## Joining It Back Together

There are several ways to turn an array into a string, but the `.join` method gives us the most control. To return a titleized string we can `.join` the array generated by our `.map` call. Since we want to use join our array back together with spaces between each word  we can pass in a string containing a space `" "` as the argument to `.join`.

## Try It Out

Call the function several times passing in different multi-word strings with different styles of capitalization

`console.log` the results of those functions, and run the program.
